well I had either internet people let's
bow again so tonight we're going to talk
about patriotism specifically American
patriotism because patriotism means
different things in different parts of
the world in the United States the term
has become muddled it has been confused
with another term and are not the same
and it's very easy to illustrate that
they aren't the same but it's
uncomfortable for people to realize this
at times American patriotism started in
the 1760s
however using that period would take us
away from our point so we're going to
use a different date
we're gonna need 1776 I think that
everybody would agree that American
patriots existed in 1776 that goes
without saying
here's the thing those who fought at
Yorktown Lexington Concord not a single
one of them held any loyalty whatsoever
to the United States none it's an
indisputable historical fact none of
them held any loyalty to the US the
reason is because it didn't exist the
United States didn't come into being
until 1787 1788 really that's when it
was ratified
when they spoke of patriotism they
didn't mean loyalty to a country the way
we think of it when they spoke of
country they meant the country the
countryside those around them the people
their neighbors that's who they held
royalty to an idea an idea a principle
that's what patriotism is they held no
loyalty to some politician to some body
of governance
they held no loyalty to DC it didn't
exist the United States didn't exist
the other thing that American patriots
throughout our history have all shared
is that they understood that governments
in general well they're a child of the
people and sometimes children need to be
corrected that's what an American
patriot is yeah in 1776 it was the tree
of liberty and all of that more recently
it was I have a dream Martin Luther King
was a person who held his loyalty to the
people those around him his neighbors he
understood that government was a child
of the people and he corrected it as we
evolved we understand that violence is
not necessary for everything and that
ideas travel faster than bullets so when
you hear people talk about patriotism
and their version is obeying the
government in doing whatever those in
power say they're not Patriots that's
the opposite of patriotism
that's nationalism and that's what the
United States is fostered it's the
greatest trick the powers of the BEA
have pulled they've tied your principles
to their wishes
as we move forward over the next year
understand that when those in DC appeal
to your patriotism to get you to sign
away your rights to give them a little
bit more control to do things you know
are wrong and violate your principles
understand that's a lot like a child
wanting the cake for dinner every night
you're the adult government is a child
of the people you're the adult
you get to decide you have the power the
reason they are appealing to you is
because you have the power they need us
we don't need them anyway it's just a
fault
y'all have a good night